---
layout: post
title: Closing 2015
date: 2015-12-31 18:14
tags:
- opinion
---

2015 is finishing. Its 18:15h while writing these lines. Looking back to this year lot of feelings mixes in my mind, some of them great and some sad. But live continues and we can only go forward.

At professional level the most important fact was leaving *Servei Meteorològic de Catalunya* ([meteo.cat](http://www.meteo.cat)) after nine years. I leave great workmates. We made some incredible things and, in the past year we work in some nice projects (a new website, a mobile ready web and an API to access weather data). Although probably the thing what I'm most proud with, as a team leader, was the fact to help creating a positive and constructive environment, always looking to learn and improve. Anyway, decisions are not easy to take and never likes to everybody. Well, I'm human like anyone, I can be wrong, but do not regret from anything I was done.

> You have enemies? Good. That means you’ve stood up for something, sometime in your life. - **Winston Churchill**

> A man with no enemies is a man with no character. - **Paul Newman**

This year also start working at [CartoDB](http://www.catodb.com), a young and really motivated company. I have been the last couple of months diving into code, learning and helping. I can't say much more, but the fact we are working on something really awesome for this new year :)

---

At personal level this was a really hard year. The death of my father seems something a can't overcome. After a suddenly and aggressive cancer he passes away on April. The few months he lived after cancer was detected were a real hell for the family, and specially for mother. He always tried to have mental strength but seeing yourself deteriorating at giant steps is hard enough to make you fall and seeing someone you love dying a bit more every day, while trying to demonstrate strength, is something that is going accumulating in your mind.

He teach me to have an open mind. He was the one that shows me what principles mean. I always thought if my father hadn't been my father we had been great friends. He always was proud about. See you some day friend ;) Live continues and we must continue going forward.
